# DOC:
### Manipulation folder is the review for research paper in the field of manipulation, inlcuding aspects in ground robot and aerial robot.
---

- [x] **Virgala, I., Gmiterko, A., Surovec, R., Vacková, M., Prada, E. and Kenderová, M., 2012. Manipulator end-effector position control. Procedia Engineering, 48, pp.684-692. Vancouver**
    - This paper deals with manipulator end-effector position control. Simple inverse kinematics and dynamics model of manipulator by Euler-Lagrange method is derived in this paper. A PID controller is proposed to achieve required end-effector position. To reach to one position, a trajectory planning method is used in this paper. By adding constraints for joint position and velocity of the initial and end position, a cubic polynomial is used to interpolate the trajectory of manipulator. Then with desired trajectory, PID controller would force the manipulator to follow the trajectory.
    - A simple example about 2 link arm simulation is introduced in the paper. This example demonstrates that this method can be used for the cases that there is no direct coupling between actuator and joint.

- [x] **Kucuk, S. and Bingul, Z., 2006. Robot kinematics: Forward and inverse kinematics. In Industrial Robotics: Theory, Modelling and Control. InTech.**
    - Kinematics studies the motion of bodies without consideration of the forces or moments that cause the motion. Cartesian space and Quaternion space are used in kinematics modelling of manipulators. To represent rotation, homogeneous transformation based on 4x4 real matrices (orthonormal matrices) are most often used in robotics. Denavit-Hartenberg (DH) parameters can represent a general transformation between two joints. Dual quaternion can present rotation and translation in a compact form of transformation vector simultaneously. Compared to 9 elements in homogeneous transformations to represent orientation of a body, the dual quaternions reduce the number of elements to four, which offers considerable advantage in terms of computational robustness and storage efficiency for dealing with the kinematics of robot chains.
    - The robot kinematics can be divided into forward kinematics and inverse kinematics. Tasks to be performed by a manipulator are in the Cartesian space, where actuators work in joint space. Cartesian space includes orientation matrix and position vector. However, joint space is represented by joint angles. The conversion of the position and orientation of a manipulator end-effector from Cartesian space to joint space is called as inverse kinematics problem. Solution for forward kinematics is straightforward. Solutions for inverse kinematics are more complex. There are two main solutions, which are analytical and numerical methods. Two approaches for analytical method are geometric and algebraic solutions. For forward kinematics, this document present representation using homogeneous transformation and DH parameters. While for inverse kinematics, this document provides planar examples for geometric solution approach and algebraic solution approach. For simple robot structure, it is preferred to use geometric approach. But for complex structure, algebraic approach is preferred since it is easier to represent and solve. Algebraic approach is based on forward kinematics and it is actually the inverse of each transformations. With DH parameters used in this approach, the transformation matrix can get easily. Algebraic approach will work for decoupled problems but if it is a coupled problem, it will be hard to solve. And this method cannot handle singularities. In that case, the manipulator loses one or more degrees of freedom. There are physical link restrictions for any real manipulator which makes the mathematical solutions may not always correspond to physical solutions. Therefore, each set of link angle values should be checked in order to determine whether or not they are identical with the physical link limits.
    - Quaternion modelling convention is also introduced in this documentation. The main procedure for forward and inverse kinematics are identical. But quaternion presentations are more complicated. This part may need further investigation, especially for dual quaternion representation.

- [x] **Montana, D.J., 1988. The kinematics of contact and grasp. The International Journal of Robotics Research, 7(3), pp.17-32.**
    - The kinematics of contact describe the motion of a point of contact over the surfaces of two contacting objects in response to a relative motion of these objects. This paper uses concepts from differential geometry and derives a set of equations called contact equation to embody this relationship. This paper mainly solves the kinematics of two moving objects contacting at the same point.
    - Mathematical background discussed in this paper might be useful for further modeling of the kinematics of whole aerial manipulator system. The contact equation derived in this paper can also be useful for the contact between the end-effector and bridge, which we could assume that the bridge is always a flat plane.

- [x] **Fumagalli, M., Naldi, R., Macchelli, A., Carloni, R., Stramigioli, S. and Marconi, L., 2012, October. Modeling and control of a flying robot for contact inspection. In Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), 2012 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on (pp. 3532-3537). IEEE.**
	- This paper focuses on the modeling and control of a flying robot, with a quadrotor unmanned aerial vehicle and a custom-made manipulator. This is designed for remote inspection by contact of industrial plant. The manipulator design is quite different, the manipulator is placed at the outside of the safety frame. In this paper, the interaction force between manipulator and the environment is discussed. And based on this, a control strategy is designed for this aerial system. They also did indoor test for the whole system to testify their method.
    - The dynamical model of the aerial manipulator system can be an example for ours, which includes aerial vehicle, manipulation system and environment. The dynamical system they defined is seen as three subsystems and the dynamical models are defined separately. For aerial vehicle, add additional forces and torques generated from the manipulator to the original dynamical model. These generalized forces are seen as the disturbances to the UAV dynamics. One unique part here is the force generated from the compliant interaction with the environment is dependent on the penetration-depth.
	- The control method stated in this paper is somewhat vague, which relates to passitivity-based control. Their method first turns the complicated system into a second order integrator system by converting the original control inputs as acceleration in 3 dictions. And then formulate a PD controller for quadrotor control. This leads to a closed loop system, which is output strictly passive with the output to be $\boldsymbol{v}^i$. In the closed loop system, the did not present how to control the manipulator system, which is seen as disturbance to the quadrotor system. So this method is not sufficient in some sense.

- [ ] **Thomas, J., Loianno, G., Sreenath, K. and Kumar, V., 2014, May. Toward image based visual servoing for aerial grasping and perching. In Robotics and Automation (ICRA), 2014 IEEE International Conference on (pp. 2113-2118). IEEE.**

- [ ] **Jimenez-Cano, A.E., Heredia, G., Bejar, M., Kondak, K. and Ollero, A., 2016. Modelling and control of an aerial manipulator consisting of an autonomous helicopter equipped with a multi-link robotic arm. Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part G: Journal of Aerospace Engineering, 230(10), pp.1860-1870.**

- [ ] **Tognon, M. and Franchi, A., 2017. Position Tracking Control for an Aerial Robot Passively Tethered to an Independently Moving Platform. Vancouver**

- [ ] **Ruggiero, F., Trujillo, M.A., Cano, R., Ascorbe, H., Viguria, A., Peréz, C., Lippiello, V., Ollero, A. and Siciliano, B., 2015, May. A multilayer control for multirotor UAVs equipped with a servo robot arm. In Robotics and Automation (ICRA), 2015 IEEE International Conference on (pp. 4014-4020). IEEE.**

- [ ] **Munoz-Morera, J., Maza, I., Fernandez-Aguera, C.J., Caballero, F. and Ollero, A., 2015, June. Assembly planning for the construction of structures with multiple UAS equipped with robotic arms. In Unmanned Aircraft Systems (ICUAS), 2015 International Conference on (pp. 1049-1058). IEEE. Vancouver**

- [ ] **Jimenez-Cano, A.E., Braga, J., Heredia, G. and Ollero, A., 2015, September. Aerial manipulator for structure inspection by contact from the underside. In Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), 2015 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on (pp. 1879-1884). IEEE.**

- [ ] **Suarez, A., Heredia, G. and Ollero, A., 2016, October. Lightweight compliant arm with compliant finger for aerial manipulation and inspection. In Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), 2016 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on (pp. 4449-4454). IEEE.**